run-a-node: Add Damask Upgrade to Upgrade Log (#51)
oasisprotocol/docs: docs/general/run-a-node/upgrade-log.md

# Upgrade Log

## 2022-04-11 (9:00 UTC) - Damask Upgrade

* **Upgrade height:** upgrade is scheduled to happen at epoch **13402**.

:::info

We expect the Mainnet network to reach this epoch at around 2022-04-11 9:00
UTC.

:::

### Instructions - Voting

:::caution

**Voting for the upgrade proposal will end at epoch 13152. We expect the Mainnet
network to reach this epoch at around 2022-03-31 22:00 UTC**.

:::

:::info

At this time only entities which have active validator nodes scheduled in the
validator set are eligible to vote for governance proposals.

:::

:::danger

> At least **75%** of the **voting power** needs to cast vote on the upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least **75%** of the total **voting power** of the validator set needs to cast a vote on the upgrade
```

Author: Thanks. Updated.

proposal for the result to be valid.

> At least **90%** of the votes need to be **yes** votes for a proposal to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least **90%** of the vote needs to be **yes** votes for a proposal to be
```

Author: Thanks. Updated.

    "deposit": "10000000000000",
    "content": {
      "upgrade": {
        "v": 1,
        "handler": "mainnet-upgrade-2022-04-11",
        "target": {
          "consensus_protocol": {
            "major": 5
          },
          "runtime_host_protocol": {
            "major": 5
          },
          "runtime_committee_protocol": {
            "major": 4
          }
        },
        "epoch": 13402
      }
    },
    "created_at": 12984,
    "closes_at": 13152
  }
]
```

Obtain [your entity's nonce] and store it in the `NONCE` variable. You can do
that by running:

```yaml
ENTITY_DIR=<PATH-TO-YOUR-ENTITY>
ADDRESS=$(oasis-node stake pubkey2address --public_key \
  $(cat $ENTITY_DIR/entity.json | jq .id -r))
NONCE=$(oasis-node stake account nonce --stake.account.address $ADDRESS -a $ADDR)
```

where `<PATH-TO-YOUR-ENTITY>` is the path to your entity's descriptor, e.g.
`/serverdir/node/entity/`.

To vote for the proposal, use the following command to generate a suitable
transaction:

```bash
oasis-node governance gen_cast_vote \
  "${TX_FLAGS[@]}" \
  --vote.proposal.id 2 \
  --vote yes \
  --transaction.file tx_cast_vote.json \
  --transaction.nonce $NONCE \

>   --transaction.fee.gas 2000 \

Reviewer: Is this enough gas? Has someone confirmed?

Author: I haven't tried but we had the same instructions for the last on-chain voting: https://docs.oasis.dev/general/run-a-node/upgrade-log#instructions---voting
